In this lecture, we are going to create a dynamic file output into Excel spreadsheet format.
For that purpose, we are supposed to use Apache Po AI Library, which is quite powerful library for
exporting data in Microsoft Office related formats like Excel, PowerPoint, Word, or even a publisher,
especially, especially the actual implementation.
And it contains a huge number of features, including formatting cells, working with sheets, embedding
images and just to use that library, we can include one dependency into our Maven configuration file.
You can see we still have that springboard version at seven, but it's compatible with we have a low,
low, much lower.
The springboard versions.
And for our purposes we we add a dependency to Apache po po.
I library specifically the one for working with Excel files.
So this is all we need actually all the sub sub dependencies are included in this dependency definition.
So we just point that into maven.